DOC-2130 feat(spark): read from tigergraph to Spark; (#503)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/data-loading/partials/spark/prerequisite.adoc

=== Compatibility
* TigerGraph 3.6.0 or higher.
* Spark 3.2 or higher with Scala 2.12 and Scala 2.13.
* JAVA 8 or higher.

=== Download the JARs

> This connector can be downloaded from maven central repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector can be downloaded from the Maven central repository:
```

https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.tigergraph/tigergraph-spark-connector/overview[Maven Central]
it has 3 types of release format:

* `tigergraph-spark-connector-<version>.jar`: The `JAR` file containing only the compiled classes of the connector, which does not include any dependencies.
* `tigergraph-spark-connector-<version>-jar-with-dependencies.jar`: The `JAR` file that includes compiled classes, as well as all the dependencies.
* `tigergraph-spark-connector-<version>.tar.gz`: The compressed `TAR` archive that includes `tigergraph-spark-connector-<version>.jar` and dependencies in separate `JAR` files.

> To use TigerGraph Spark connector in a Spark Shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the TigerGraph Spark connector in a Spark shell:
```

.use the `--jars` option:
[console]
----
spark-shell --jars tigergraph-spark-connector-<version>-jar-with-dependencies.jar
----

[NOTE]
====
If you want to include TigerGraph Spark Connector in your Spark installation, add the `JAR` with dependencies to Spark's `jars` folder.
====

=== Configure Logging

> It’s highly recommended to set the log level to info to monitor the execution. There are two methods to enable logging for the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend setting the log level to `info` to monitor the execution. There are two methods to enable logging for the connector.
```

==== Connector Default Logger

> The connector has a built-in logger based on _java.util.logging_. To activate it, you need to explicitly set the option `log.level` to 2, which enables info-level logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector has a built-in logger based on _java.util.logging_.
To activate it, set the option `log.level` to 2, which enables info-level logging.
```

> Please refer to <<Common Options>> to learn more about `log.level` and `log.path` options.

Reviewer: Not sure about this syntax  <<Common Options>>
